README.md, before:

# H5N1 in the USA 2024 Timeline
Data associated with the timeline of events during the 2024 H5N1 outbreak in the United States

### Citation
Klein B, Kraemer MUG, and Scarpino SV. 2024. Timeline for H5N1 in the USA during the 2024 Outbreak. 10.5281/zenodo.11521177 https://github.com/Emergent-Epidemics/H5N1_US2024_timeline 

June 7th, 2024 -  [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11521177.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11521177)

May 2nd, 2024 - [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11105390.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11105390)

Apr 26th, 2024 -  [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11075021.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11075021)

### Acknowledgements
We want to thank all the individuals and organizations across the world who have been willing and able to report data in as open and timely manner as possible. 

### Data
1. Timeline Data/ H5N1 US Timeline 2024.csv - Contains detailed information on events related to the H5N1 outbreak in the US.
2. Timeline Image/* - Contains images of the timelines.\
3. WastewaterSCAN data/wastewater_scan_h5_usa.csv - Contains data on positive H5 results from WastewaterSCAN sites. 

### License
(see LICENSE)

## Additional license, warranty, and copyright information
We provide a license for our code (see LICENSE) and do not claim ownership, nor the right to license, the data we have obtained nor any third-party software tools/code used in our analyses.  Please cite the appropriate agency, paper, and/or individual in publications and/or derivatives using these data, contact them regarding the legal use of these data, and remember to pass-forward any existing license/warranty/copyright information.  THE DATA AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE DATA AND/OR SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE DATA AND/OR SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updating readme to point to think global health for time line images

README.md, after:

# H5N1 in the USA 2024 Timeline
Data associated with the timeline of events during the 2024 H5N1 outbreak in the United States. The timeline data are now being hosted live on the Council on Foreign Relations' publication Think Global Health's [website](https://www.thinkglobalhealth.org/article/timeline-h5n1-bird-flu-outbreak-us).

### Citation
Klein B, Kraemer MUG, and Scarpino SV. 2024. Timeline for H5N1 in the USA during the 2024 Outbreak. 10.5281/zenodo.11521177 https://github.com/Emergent-Epidemics/H5N1_US2024_timeline 

June 7th, 2024 -  [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11521177.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11521177)

May 2nd, 2024 - [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11105390.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11105390)

Apr 26th, 2024 -  [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.11075021.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.11075021)

### Acknowledgements
We want to thank all the individuals and organizations across the world who have been willing and able to report data in as open and timely manner as possible. 

### Data
1. Timeline Data/ H5N1 US Timeline 2024.csv - Contains detailed information on events related to the H5N1 outbreak in the US. The timeline images are no longer being updated. Please see [Think Global Health](https://www.thinkglobalhealth.org/article/timeline-h5n1-bird-flu-outbreak-us).
2. Timeline Image/* - Contains images of the timelines.\
3. WastewaterSCAN data/wastewater_scan_h5_usa.csv - Contains data on positive H5 results from WastewaterSCAN sites. 

### License
(see LICENSE)

## Additional license, warranty, and copyright information
We provide a license for our code (see LICENSE) and do not claim ownership, nor the right to license, the data we have obtained nor any third-party software tools/code used in our analyses.  Please cite the appropriate agency, paper, and/or individual in publications and/or derivatives using these data, contact them regarding the legal use of these data, and remember to pass-forward any existing license/warranty/copyright information.  THE DATA AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE DATA AND/OR SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE DATA AND/OR SOFTWARE.
